Runlevels defined for this installation:

0 "halt": Shut down system. Do not use directly.
1 "shutdown": Helper for runlevels 0 or 6. Do not use directly.
S "bootinit": Initialize on boot (Debian). Single-user mode if boot problem.
2 "local": Stop all services except local consoles.
3 "radmin": Stop all services except administrative remote connections.
4 "text": Multi-user non-GUI mode with all networking services.
5 "gui": like runlevel 4, but with GUI. No other runlevel has GUI.
6 "reboot": Reboot the system. Do not use directly.

Extended Description:

Runlevel S is used on Debian as a temporary runlevel to initialize the system
on boot. If successful, it switches to the actual runlevel afterwards. If a
boot problem occurs, it stays on S and enters single-user mode after asking
for the superuser password. Runlevel S can also be entered explicitly.

Runlevel 2 is a substitute for runlevel S on systems which do not define a
root password. It allows normal multiuser login, but only from local terminals
(virtual terminals and, if configured that way, also local serial or parallel
port connections). All services not required for text console login are
stopped. This includes all networking services including DHCP clients.
Runlevel 2 is normally used only for short periods of time for temporarily
shutting down services before restarting them by returning to the previous
runlevel. This is useful after a system upgrade to get rid of in-memory copies
of outdated shared libraries, avoiding a reboot for this purpose.

Runlevel 3 serves the same purpose as runlevel 2 - temporarily stop as many
services as possible without rebooting. However, it is intended for remote
administration, especially on headless systems. It will stop all services not
strictly required for administrative access by a remote administrator. The
decision which services shall be used for remote administration has to be made
by the local system administrator. Like runlevel 2, runlevel 3 is only
intended to be used for short periods of time.

Runlevel 4 is normal multi-user mode, except that no graphical login is used
for local users. Local users have to log in from text mode terminal. This will
not prevent them from running "startx" once they have logged in, but no
graphical login manager will run. This is the typical default run-level on
server machines.

Runlevel 5 is normal multi-user mode with graphical login. This is the typical
default run-level for client computers, but only wastes resources on server
machines (especially headless ones).
